TL improvement (#537)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_008.txt

			NULL, "\"Rina currently works at a Sonozaki-affiliated bar.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 5, "ps3/s14/05/210500414", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "そして今日から数日後、系列店で集められた上納金を狙って強盗を働くのですが、",

> 			NULL, " And a few days from now, she's planning to rob protection money collected from their affiliate stores.", Line_WaitForInput);

Author: 上納金(protection money) is translated as treasury funds in Mio. Using this phrase will be better if it is for consistency.
But this line includes "系列店で集められた" and that's why I think it should be emphasized that the Sonozaki Group runs protection rackets.

Author: Okay, I'll follow your opinion.

//r男はそう言って、首筋を手のひらでとんとんと叩いてみせる。冗談のつもりでやってみせているのだろうが、…その少し青ざめた顔では、あまり笑いにはならなかった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "男はそう言って、首筋を手のひらでとんとんと叩いてみせる。冗談のつもりでやってみせているのだろうが、…その少し青ざめた顔では、あまり笑いにはならなかった。",

> 			NULL, "The man tapped his neck with his palm as he said that. It seemed like he was trying to make a joke... but thanks to the pale look on his face, that didn't sound funny.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "The man tapped his neck with his palm as he said that. It seemed like he was trying to make a joke... but thanks to the pale look on his face it wasn't very funny.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, " Ahahaha, not at all.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 20, "ps3/s14/20/212100014", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "あたしみたいに器量よしの人間は、ちゃぁんと他に優良物件いくつもこさえてるのさ」",

> 			NULL, " Beautiful woman like me holds other excellent prospects.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " A beautiful woman like me has other excellent prospects.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rこの密談はおそらく、…ちょっと注意深い人間が園崎にいれば、数日後には上の人間の知るところとなる。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "この密談はおそらく、…ちょっと注意深い人間が園崎にいれば、数日後には上の人間の知るところとなる。",

> 			NULL, "In all likelihood... a person in the Sonozakis is watching this, and the higher-ups among them will learn about this private conversation in just a few days.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "In all likelihood... someone in the Sonozakis is watching this, and the higher-ups will learn about this private conversation in just a few days.", Line_Normal);
```

//r私は目の前で姉御風を吹かせる、この哀れな女に教えてやりたかった。…自分たちが間もなく灼熱に包まれる鉄板の上で無邪気に踊る、虫けらでしかないということを。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "私は目の前で姉御風を吹かせる、この哀れな女に教えてやりたかった。…自分たちが間もなく灼熱に包まれる鉄板の上で無邪気に踊る、虫けらでしかないということを。",

> 			NULL, "I wanted to say as much to the pathetic woman swaggering right before my eyes. ...They were like insects, dancing innocently on an iron plate that will soon be drenched in scorching heat.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I wanted to say as much to the pathetic, patronizing woman right before my eyes. ...They were like insects, dancing innocently on an iron plate that will soon be drenched in scorching heat.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"Anyway... Pon, Yasuke.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 20, "ps3/s14/20/212100022", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "あんたたちはアシの手配を。",

> 			NULL, " You two prepare a vehicle.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " You two secure our ride.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#6972c1>梨花</color>", NULL, "<color=#6972c1>Rika</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 5, "ps3/s14/05/210500453", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "そして、暴走しそうな部活メンバーを率いて、町会、そして園崎家と戦って、協力を勝ち取ってください」",

> 			NULL, " Then you can lead the club members who are prone to go out of control, fight the town council and the Sonozaki family, and win their cooperation.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Then you can lead the club members who are prone to losing control, fight the town council and the Sonozaki family, and win their cooperation.\"", Line_Normal);
```
